Add client code (#2)
xlibb/module-selenium: examples/student_application_form_filling/README.md

> # Automating the Filling of Student Application Form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Automating the filling of student application form
```

Reviewer: We usually use the sentence case for topics in documentation files

## Overview
This guide demonstrates automating the process of filling out student application forms using the Ballerina Selenium module.

## Implementation

> For this task, we use sample JSON data available in [this file](./modules/resources/data.json). The example project showcases how to automate the data entry process by populating this information into [this web application](https://bal-selenium.choreoapps.dev/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide demonstrates automating the process of filling out student application forms using the Ballerina Selenium module.

## Overview
The example project automates data entry by retrieving student information from a [JSON file](./modules/resources/data.json) and populating it into a [web application]((https://bal-selenium.choreoapps.dev/)).
```
